[CONS-6524] Standardize OpenShift examples (#24920)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/troubleshooting/admission-controller.md

#### OpenShift

> OpenShift has `SecurityContextConstraints` (SCCs) that are required to deploy pods with extra permissions, such as a `volume` with a `hostPath`. Datadog components are deployed with SCCs to allow activity specific to Datadog pods, but Datadog does not create SCCs for other pods. So the Admission Controller may add the socket based configuration to your application pods, causing them to fail to deploy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenShift has `SecurityContextConstraints` (SCCs) that are required to deploy pods with extra permissions, such as a `volume` with a `hostPath`. Datadog components are deployed with SCCs to allow activity specific to Datadog pods, but Datadog does not create SCCs for other pods. The Admission Controller might add the socket based configuration to your application pods, causing them to fail to deploy.
```

        enabled: true
      unixDomainSocketConfig:
        enabled: false
    dogstatsd:
      hostPortConfig:
        enabled: true
      unixDomainSocketConfig:
        enabled: false
```

> You can alternatively set `features.admissionController.agentCommunicationMode` to `hostip` or `service` directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can set `features.admissionController.agentCommunicationMode` to `hostip` or `service` directly.
```

    portEnabled: true
    socketEnabled: false
```

> You can alternatively set `clusterAgent.admissionController.configMode` to `hostip` or `service` directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can set `clusterAgent.admissionController.configMode` to `hostip` or `service` directly.
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> Refer to the [Kubernetes Distributions][18] for more configuration details regarding OpenShift.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Kubernetes Distributions][18] for more configuration details regarding OpenShift.
```
